well I had a there internet people it's
Bo again the last few days have been
very serendipitous for me anyway not for
the people involved in the news stories
but for the last few days if I wanted to
talk about something it was showing up
in the news you know I often use a news
story to make a wider point and this
little arc that I've been on lately
every day something came up to bring the
story into focus and it all culminated
today so a few days ago I was asked by a
native woman about bulletproof backpacks
because she's worried that her kid's
gonna get mistaken for a Latino and get
shocked because of the climate in
today's America and I told her I was
like you know those bags are normally
rated for handguns most of them and and
most of the recent shootings they've
been using rifles I'm not really gonna
do much good you'd be better off getting
like a laptop bag and putting a steel
plate in it we're gonna ask questions
like that a lot questions that are
related to my background I guess I don't
mind answering but I don't answer all
because I'm very conscientious about the
fact that a lot of this information is a
dual-use can be used to hurt people too
if you've ever asked me a question like
this and I haven't answered that's why
it's because whatever it was that you
asked could be used to harm people and I
understand that's probably not your
motivation but I don't know all of you
so I don't answer because I can't
imagine something I said being the cause
of innocent people getting hurt I've got
enough trouble sleeping I don't need
that on my hands
so that kind of brings me to my next
question mr. president how do you sleep
at night what number shooting is this
that is directly tied to your rhetoric
or names you by name the shooter named
you by name and their writings and it's
not a rhetorical question either
seriously there's a lot of people out
here with blood on their hands that that
have trouble sleeping I mean you don't
even drink how do you do it how do you
go to sleep at night knowing that your
words killed people and they did do you
not realize that people are gonna act on
what you say these people in Walmart are
dead because of you because of your
rhetoric
and it's not the first time it's not
even the second time or the third time
or the fourth time or fifth time there
are piles of dead bodies that have your
name on them you know all American
presidents in recent memory have blood
on their hands but it's normally not the
blood of innocent American shoppers at
Walmart
you chose to divide the country rather
than United you didn't create this
divide you just exacerbated it you
played on it you preyed on it and see
then that's the thing I don't even know
that you're a bigot
I really don't there's a part of me that
thinks you're just you're just playing
on other people's racism to keep your
base motivated I don't know though the
one thing I do know about you is that
you care about your legacy maybe more
than anything you care about your name
this is your legacy dead bodies in
Walmart build the wall that's your
legacy when history records you they're
going to record you as the president who
incited terrorism against his own people
that's gonna be your legacy that's who
you are that's what it's gonna be and
it's because you chose to divide you
charted a path to division you used
rhetoric that inflamed people
invaders right
it's upsetting it's upsetting on a
number of levels you got a few hundred
days left in office you can change this
you can change your rhetoric and you can
save lives you can come out and say no
no okay
there are people looking for a better
life they're not invaders they're not
diseased they're not lesser they're not
other they're just people and that would
save lives you want to make America
great did I'd be happy if you just made
it to where it was safe to shop again
these are your bodies your bodies I am a
small time youtuber and I am more
conscientious about what I say than the
President of the United States sad that
needs to be the question from everybody
in the media from everybody in the media
until we get an answer
how does he sleep this rhetoric it
surfaces over and over again and we read
it in the writings of people who gunned
down innocence and the media is just
giving them a pass on it they're not
calling this at oh I guess it's not
important
sir you really need to adjust your
rhetoric you need to chart a course to
bring this country back together and to
close the divide that you pushed open it
was always there it was it's right under
the surface but it was healing it's not
anymore it's getting worse and worse
people are dying because of what you say
to get votes you have American citizens
trying to figure out about buying pullet
resistive material for their kids to
protect them from people motivated by
your words
this is making America great this is
your legacy sir anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night